Video: a few startup fundraises from last week (08-02)💳 @tryramp $500M Series E-2 at $22.5B valuation .mp4
Processed: 2025-08-13 21:13:43
Method: whisper
--------------------------------------------------

Let's talk about a few of the hottest start-up rounds from last week. Ramp raised $500 million at a $22.5 billion valuation just 45 days after their last raise of $200 million at a $16 billion valuation, which that itself is up from a $13 billion valuation back in March. We all know Ramp as the corporate card and expense management platform, but it's now grown into the full financial automation suite, including AI agents to automate tedious finance tasks. Their first agent is already being used by thousands of customers, and it's able to re-company policy docs and match them against expenses to flag issues. They're also currently planning a budgeting agent that is able to proactively approve bills before they even hit the finance teams inbox. With this, Ramp's big vision is to build the AI operating system for finance and build what it calls a new phase of autonomous finance by 2028. They're now serving over 40,000 plus customers and was cashflow positive as of early this year. Nudge raised $800 million in series A to build non-invasive brain computer interfaces that used focus ultrasound to reach deep brain areas as opposed to using surgery. Their device now JZRO is already being used in human research studies and they hope to be able to treat neurological and psychiatric disorders like PTSD, Alzheimer's and chronic pain. They want to make brain health and modulation as routine as heart monitoring. For the BCI field, this is pretty exciting because the field has been dominated by companies like Neuralink which are invasive and require surgery but this non-invasive approach could potentially open the door to mass market NeuroTech. Finally Julius raised a 10 million dollar series A to build the AI-powered data analyst. Their platform allows you to ask data questions using natural language and you get back analysis, code, visuals without needing to know any SQL or R. They have over 2 million plus users and have completed over 10 million visualizations. And behind the scenes, it's generating over 4 million lines of R-sash Python code a day. This matters because most data in companies sits unused because non-technical teams aren't able to access it. But Julius wants to change that and make data insights as easy as asking the question. And that's it for this. Sweet.