Video: a few startup fundraises from last week (may 18) startups mentioned- @doji_com, rainmaker cloud .mp4
Processed: 2025-08-13 21:13:48
Method: whisper
--------------------------------------------------

Let's talk about a few of the hottest start-up fundraisers from last week. Dojoe raised a $14 million seed round to allow anyone to create a high-quality, highly personalized avatar of themselves for virtual trions. Users only have to take a few selfies and full-body images to create their avatar, then they can select their favorite brands during onboarding or copy and paste any shopping link from online. Then it puts that user in that exact outfit, but also surfaces personalized clothing recommendations. The founders are X, DeepMind, Apple, and Meta, and they're hoping to redefine how people shop online and the challenge of accurately predicting fit, which is a major pain point in the virtual trion space. I believe the app is also currently invite only. Rainmaker is a climate tech startup that raised $25 million in series A funding to use drones to enhance rain. While cloud seating as a technology isn't necessarily new, they replace expensive manned aircrafts with cost-effective autonomous drones that can seed clouds at a fraction of the cost. They also use high-resolution radar and real-time weather prediction software to identify the best cloud formations for seating. This reduces wasted materials and maximizes precipitation. Some of their current clients include state agencies like Utah or Colorado's Department of Natural Resources, which are all looking for scalable ways to address drought and water scarcity. Hydra raised a $32 million series A for AI video and character creation. The startup was only founded in 2023, but this values the company at $200 million. Their omnimodal AI model has hit some virality recently with their talking baby podcast. It aims to differentiate from its competitors by offering more expressive characters, and features like style transfer, long dialogue, and precise character control. Finally, Granola raised a $43 million series B at a $250 million valuation. They initially launched as an AI-powered note-taking tool, but have since evolved into a full-fledged intelligent workspace with their launch of Granola 2.0. The platform is able to capture and organize millions of minutes of team conversations, which provide context-rich summaries that can be queried even in real-time. Granola's user base is growing rapidly, and they're seeing the 10% weekly increase in their active users, with much of this growth being largely driven by organic word of mouth. Their broader vision is to redefine work. please collaboration by moving beyond static documents to dynamic conversation-driven work spaces. And that's it for this week.