Video: New research from @microsoft on which jobs are AI safe Top 10 Jobs Most at Risk from AI(Highest .mp4
Processed: 2025-08-13 00:52:29
Method: whisper
--------------------------------------------------

Microsoft just dropped their research where they show the 40 occupations most exposed to AI and the 40 most insulated from AI impact. For the study, they analyzed over 200,000 real conversations between users and co-pilot and essentially tried to understand how Genai is actually being used and what that means for jobs. Based on the actual usage data, they built an AI applicability score for each occupation based on the Department of Labor's Ownet job taxonomy. But if you're interested in the actual methodology and process, I'll share a link to the paper in the comments. What they found was that the following roles were most exposed to AI impact. These were occupations like translators, interpreters, sales reps, and customer service reps. Often roles that have a lot of translating, writing, researching, or explaining. On the flip side, the 40 jobs most insulated from AI impact include ones that require manual labor or physical interaction and machine operations. These are occupations like phlebotomists, nursing assistants, dishwasher, roofers, construction workers, and these rank for lowest obviously because LLMs can't move or repair things in the physical world until we get the human. However, it's worth noting that there are some physical roles like cooking or nursing where they are seeing AI assist with knowledge tasks adjacent to the job. Things like writing emails, nutrition planning, or even building care checklists. There's generally a very wide grey zone of jobs in the middle too, like teachers, marketers, lawyers, data analysts, better or blend, where AI can help a lot, but full automation is probably unlikely for now because human judgment and creativity and communications still matter a ton. Ultimately, the common theme was that anything with information transfer was identified at most risks, because AI can now provide answers, scripts, explanations, often better and faster. It was also pretty interesting because there was a weak but positive correlation between AI applicability and education level. They found that bachelor's degree roles are more exposed than high school only jobs, but not dramatically so, especially when employment waited. Again, go check out the paper and if you're curious about where your role lands on this list, let me know and I can try to look it up and share thoughts on how it maps to the study.