Australia's Gold Coast is situated in Subtrovical Queensland, just an hour's drive from the state capital, Brisbane. It's a fast-growing city of a half a million people, drawn by the miles of perfect coastline and a sun-drenched lifestyle. The central Gold Coast's highlight looks like a gathering of giants wriggling their toes in the wall Pacific. There's a natural spirit here found in the incredible beaches, the ocean's shifting moods and the cool waterfalls and deep forests of the Netherlands. But there's a human spirit too dedicated to family, vitality and having the time of your life. The Gold Coast got its start as a vacation retreat in the 1850s near its northern end. It's here that the Gold Coast still shines brightest. Surface Paradise is a complete destination in itself, a glittering resort shopping and entertainment strip. Head to the Skypoint Observation Deck to see the Gold Coast speeches unfold in a 20-mile ribbon of sand started with headlands, parks and waterways. Just to the south of Surface Paradise is Broad Beach, where the pace begins to slow. The further you move down the coast, the more relaxed the vibe. Fully heads is home to a stunning national park and one of Australia's legendary surf breaks. It's easy to see why this headland has been an Aboriginal gathering place for thousands of years. A little further south is Carambe, a place where the bush meets the beach. Hit the waves between elephant and Carambe and rocks or just go for a float in the sparkling serenity of the history. Follow the shoreline south to the Gold Coast's most southern beach side neighborhood, Cooling Gator. Just a five-minute drive from the Gold Coast's international airport, Cooling Gator is the region's gateway for most international and interstate visitors. With it shady parks, sheltered beaches and river, Cooling Gator is a popular choice for families and when the conditions are right it produces some of the most spectacular surf in Australia. The Gold Coast offers plenty of thrills besides its fabulous coastline. It's the theme park capital of Australia. Spend a day riding the waves and water slides at the wind while. Just up the road, cool off and ride the tubes at Dreamworld's Whitewater World. Dreamworld is Australia's largest theme park. It features over 40 rides for all ages and theme lands like Tiger Island. Experience Hollywood on the Gold Coast at Warner Brothers Movie World. Strap yourself in and take off on some of the best roller coasters down on the beach. They buckle up for the Hollywood stunt driver show. Next door at the Australian Outback Spectacular, saddle up to a three-course meal as some of the country's best horsemen and women celebrate the spirit of the bush. At SeaWorld, celebrate the spirit of the ocean with some of the sea's most endearing creatures and a few of the less-cup may ones too. There's also plenty of rides to explore between the shows. If you're feeling the need to settle the nerves after all those theme parks, head for the hills. Just a 30-minute drive inland and perched high on the rim of an ancient volcano is Mount Tambourine. Explore the rainforest trails and skywalk before sampling the local produce and wines at Tambourine Village. A little further south is Springbrook, a world heritage listed national park filled with ancient forests, secret places and waterfalls that have been flowing since the dawn of time. From up here, high on the escarpment, the Gold Coast Beckons, back to the sand, back to the rides and back to the spirit of Australia's favorite beach destination.