Picture New York City and you're probably thinking about Midtown. Times Square, the Empire State Building Grand Central, this is Midtown Manhattan. Tourists flock to it while locals often try and fail to avoid it. But there's more to this part of town than tourist traps and traffic congestion. Midtown has been electrified by a bolt of Brooklyn hip and wall street money. Maybe it's time you took a second look. Midtown is everything between 14th Street and Central Park South. It's the world's largest central business district. It also has some of the most expensive real estate and it doesn't get any ritzia than Fifth Avenue, which commands the world's highest retail rents. But if there's one building more responsible than any other for Midtown success, it's this one. Built in 1913, Grand Central Terminal helped spark a boom in construction that made Midtown the center of American capitalism. This audacious building is used by more than a million people a week. A century after it was built, it has only now reached capacity. That's future proofing. New York embraces eating out. There are over 45,000 restaurants in the city. It would take 125 years to eat in every one, not saying you should. Here in Midtown, the restaurant scene is embracing change. A number of Brooklyn institutions have jumped the river. Roberta's pizza started on the other side of the East River in 2008, but their second outpost is based in urban space, food hall, smack dab in Midtown. You could be fooled into thinking this is Williamsburg, not Park Ave. Another Brooklyn import is Ichi Rahn, the Japanese ramen chain whose first US restaurant opened in Bushwick in 2016. Here you can sit with a group or in splendid isolation in one of the so-called flavour concentration booths. Very serious. But if you want to swap Brooklyn Cool for something a bit more luxury, we've got the spot. The office is an intimate speak easy, offering pre-prohibition style cocktails and a food menu to match. You'll find it hidden away on the 35th floor of the super swanky Mandarin Oriental. This is one of the most expensive hotels in New York. Rooms start at around $1,000 a night. But there are 113 other hotels in Midtown offering plenty of choices. So forget the old wisdom that the excitement is basically anywhere but Midtown. This part of Manhattan has something new and exciting to offer, whether it's high end or rough and ready.