Now's the time to visit Spain's capital. After nearly a decade of economic crisis, Madrid is growing again. And you can feel this confidence in the central district of Husticia. It streets team with restaurants and boutique shops, supplying cakes, coffee and cocktails to trendy locals and visitors alike. Welcome to Husticia, Madrid. Tucked just north of Madrid's city centre is Husticia. In just a few years, this area has evolved into one of the city's trendiest districts. Spain is only recently recovered from a long and painful recession, which gripped the country from 2008-2014. At its height, unemployment was above 26%, while youth unemployment was above 55%. Spain's economy is now growing, and the effect of this hardship in Husticia has not been the mass closure of independent stores, but instead a flight to buy and support local business. This is due design, a store which captures that spirit of creativity and community. The shop collaborates with emerging artists and designers constantly shifting its collection. Here you'll find fashion, interior and jewelry brands you've never heard of before. Surviving Spain's recession has forced businesses to think differently. This is Mathiera Taya Bar, and the first thing you'll notice is that all the bottles of liquor are their own handwritten brands. During the recession, cocktails one thing people cut down on. The owners of Mathiera had an idea. They bought unbranded liquor and infused it themselves, making every cocktail seven euros. It's now one of Madrid's coolest bars, but some very exciting flavours, think rum infused with cinnamon and orange and gin with rosemary and thyme. One Spanish tradition that has shown no signs of being under threat, despite recent trends, is Turos. Deep-fried sugar coated snack is best enjoyed with a hot chocolate, just the top half of your sugar hit. Turos are traditionally eaten for breakfast. This is Turriar Santa Teresa, one of the oldest Turro bars in the neighbourhood. It opens at 5.30 in the morning, making it popular with the post-nightclub crowd. If you're feeling guilty about your Turos hit, fitness guru to the stars Tracey Anderson has opened up her only non-USB studio here in Madrid. The workouts are a blend of dance cardio and weights. The rooms are heated, and music is blasted at club levels. It's ready to sweat. Now it's time for dinner, and you're spoiled for choice. Hosticia is jam-packed with little hip restaurants. This is Felso Imanollo, run by two brothers, its charming and intimate. It serves contemporary Spanish food with an expert eye for detail. The speciality dish is based around a huge tomato from Northern Spain. It served with avocado, mango, papaya, red onion, olive oil and fresh herbs. And finally, you can't come to Madrid without seeing some flamenco. Turistly restaurant come theatres monopolise the flamenco scene, but you can be more adventurous. The most famous restaurant in Madrid is the most famous restaurant in Madrid. Casa Patos has been a focal point of Madrid's flamenco scene since the mid-Agees and still attract some of the best artists from around the country.