Canberra Cambridge, could you imagine a more idyllic university town? With its narrow medieval passageways and 801 year old university, this small English city is packed with history. But Cambridge is embracing the new, its restaurant scene has moved on from pub grub and has something exciting yet still traditional to offer. Welcome to Cambridge. Cambridge is less than an hour from London by train. Once you've arrived you're going to want to do what the locals do and get yourself a bike. Cambridge is considered the cycling capital of the UK, there everywhere. Bike hire shops are peppered around and parking is easy but be warned. In 2017 the Cambridge district had one of the highest rates of bike theft in England and Wales, so lock it up. In the centre of Cambridge is one of the world's most well-known and respected universities. Founded in 1200 and 8 it's the fourth oldest university in the world still teaching. One of the jewels and the university's crown is its libraries and this is the big one. Cambridge University library holds around 8 million books, manuscripts, maps and journals and it was thought some more salacious material. For a long time it was undergraduate folklore that the library tower held a vast stockpile of Victorian age pornography but no. This year the tower opened up its secrets and revealed it was used to store books and other items thought to be not good enough for the main building. This material is now regarded as an important resource. One of the best ways to see Cambridge's hidden spots is by boat or punt to be exact. Punting began in the early 20th century and remains the best way to explore the river camp and its many bridges, 25 and all. This is the Math Medical Bridge. Despite looking curved it's actually made entirely of straight timber. Safely on dry land it's time for a pint. This is the Eagle. It was here in 1953 that Francis Crick charged in interrupting lunchtime service to announce that he and James Watson had discovered the secret of life, how DNA carries genetic information. Hope someone offered him a drink. Keeping with tradition just a few metres down the road is Chop House. This no-nonsense steak restaurant has a classic English menu. Try the sticky toffee pudding if you got room. But it's not all Old England. This is pint shop which offers 23 tap craft beers and 100 gin options. There are plenty of places to stay in the city, but if you want to get some country air just a short drive out of town is clopped in courtyard. Here you can rent your own barn, there are six to choose from, and enjoy the quintessentially English countryside surroundings. Not a bad spot to finish off your day.