If you've travelled to Hong Kong, chances are you've stayed or worked here. Amongst the skyscrapers of Hong Kong Island, but Hong Kong Island is running out of room to expand, housing is the least affordable anywhere in the world and you don't get much for your money. The average size flat is smaller than what you'd get in Manhattan and many Hong Kongers live in apartments not much bigger than a garage. It's because of this pressure that the next time you visit, you're more likely to stay here. Across Victoria Harbour in Tseum Satsui, Tseum Satsui is not easy to say and it's often mispronounced so it's known to expats as TST. Today the area is a growing metropolis packed with a huge variety of restaurants, modern hotels and sleek museums. So it's hard to believe it once looked like this. During the 1880s it was a watch post for the British colony and some of the grand old buildings still remain. This is the 1881 heritage building which used to be the headquarters of the Marine Police. Now it's filled with high end shopping, a hotel, restaurants and bars but most people come here to take photos. Walk down the road a couple of blocks and you'll come to Hong Kong's iconic peninsula hotel. Built in 1928 it has made appearances in films like James Bond and The Dark Knight. It's known for its fleet of Rolls Royce Phantoms painted in the hotel's signature green which holds the record for the largest single order. Running through the centre of TST is Nathan Road. What started as a muddy country path built by the British in 1861 is now a shoppers paradise. Nathan Road is probably best known for its tailors and the tradition of tempting or twisting the arms of tourists walking by. Handmade suits start at around $300 but for higher quality threads go to Empire International tailors. This unassuming store is in fact the base of a global operation. This family run business sells suits around the world, mostly thanks to word of mouth. Now you're dressed for dinner, head to the top of one peaking road tower. This gem of a Chinese restaurant is made to look like a Hutong or old Chinese alley. Go up two floors and you'll find Aqua Spirit, one of Hong Kong's premium bars. It has some of the best views of the city. And when you get tired of the hustle and bustle of Tseyem Tse, walk over to one of Hong Kong's most famous institutions, the Star Fairy. Since 1888 this is the oldest model transportation across the harbour. And you can hop on for just 30 cents and enjoy one of the world's most photographed harbours.