Miami. The name brings to mind gorgeous beaches, warm weather and art deco landmarks. But at the intersection of North and South America, Miami has exploded on the international cultural scene in recent decades. Want to experience the best of Miami? Venture beyond Glitzy South Beach and swing by these three hotspots on the mainland. The first stop is Coconut Grove. Situated southwest of downtown Miami, this upscale residential enclave is one of Miami's oldest and most iconic neighborhoods. The gem of Coconut Grove is Vizcaya Museum in Gardens. Originally built as a winter home by business magnate James Deering. The Vizcaya estate is nestled among dense mangrove swamps and offers a spectacular view of this game day. Your Nate Main House features a blend of Italian Renaissance revival and broke architecture. And inside you'll find an exquisite collection of art and furnishings, acquired by Deering during his world travels. The lush, expansive gardens surrounding the main compound are a welcome break from Miami's hot sun and a prime backdrop for your Instagram feed. If you've built up an appetite, head north and you'll eventually reach southwest Athe Street, better known as Caya Olcha, the main thoroughfare of Little Havana. Even though Americans can now fly to the real Havana in less than an hour, Little Havana remains an enthralling outpost for the Cuban expatriate community and a vibrant setting for Cuban food, culture and ambience. Drop by the walk-up window with a legendary cafe-versailles for a croquetta or a cortadito, a supercharged Cuban version of espresso. Day or night, you're bound to encounter old friends catching up or a heated debate about politics. Right across the street is La Carreta, which serves a variety of authentic Cuban specialties, including Ropa Vieja and Rice with sweet plantings. If you're feeling lucky after lunch, settle in for a street-side of the Dumbners, if you can fly a seat, that is. As evening approaches, the energy and buzz shifts to a bustling, art-infused area north of downtown called Wimboot. No other neighborhood in Miami has undergone his dramatic transformation as this former industrial district that has been reborn as a hub for international art galleries, shops and a diverse restaurant scene. The year-round pleasant weather and seemingly endless collection of vibrant street murals has made Wimboot into a giant outdoor art gallery. For a unique dinner option, drop by 1-800-lucky and open a food hall in the style of an Asian market, featuring a collection of vendors offering a variety of dishes from fresh ramen to steamed dim sum to hot-paking duck. Finish off the night with matcha ice cream served in a fish-shaped cone or an Asian-inspired cocktail at the bottom. Looking around, it's hard to believe that you're still in Miami. But when it's 80 degrees in the middle of winter, you'll be glad you are.