Nestled between rolling hills, Rwanda's capital is friendly and welcoming, confounding preconceptions. Because 24 years after the genocide which shocked the world, Kigali's worked hard to reinvent itself, with its eyes on the future. With a host of startups, a burgeoning art scene, great dining and some of the world's best coffee, this African capital is building a reputation with tourists. Welcome to Kigali. With a population of just over 1.1 million people, Kigali is both geographically and culturally the centre of Rwanda. Its streets are spotlessly clean, crime is low and the economy is growing. Kigali is capturing tourists who used to only pass through on their way to safari or guerrilla tours. After the shocking events of 1994, the city and the country wants to show the world another side and create a new legacy. Kigali's trying to model its economic growth off the likes of Singapore and Seoul, complete with a city-wide obsession with keeping the streets clean. Citizens are required once a month to take in a giant neighbourhood cleaning effort. On top of that, it's illegal to import, use or sell plastic bags and it's taken very seriously. Plastic bag traffickers, yeah that's a thing, have been fined and even jailed. As a tourist, you'll be warned not to bring in into the country when you arrive. Staying in the city is easy, with over 100 hotels including the big names like the Marriott, Radisson Blue and the Hilton. But arguably the best known is the Hotel de Mille Colline. It was here in 1994 that 1,200 people took refuge during the genocide. That story inspired the film Hotel Rwanda. At the time it was the city's premium spot but these days newer hotels offer more luxury. Despite that, sitting in the lobby you can feel the charm is still here. Internationally Rwanda and coffee is regarded as the best in East Africa. But it's not popular with the locals. Rwanda is more into tea. But despite this, Kagali has a handful of excellent coffee shops. This is question coffee with a beans a source from female farmers and roasted in house. And this is Shokkala Cafe, a trendy spot above Kagali's public library. Here's a tip when heading out. Dress up. The locals look sharp and wandering around in some old t-shirt and shorts is not going to cut it. When traveling around the city you'll notice bright murals dotted around. This is the work of a public art social enterprise. In a city with almost no graffiti, this is public art supported by the government. So it's more positive messages than free thinking street art anarchy. But the scene here is maturing. There are a number of boutique shops where you can pick up some of the local arts and crafts. This is Goka Gali boutique, which also offers city tours that will show you around the town's most exciting spots. Finally, finish off your day with a drink looking over the city at the Hilton's New Hotel in the centre of town. With 180-degree views and an excellent cocktail menu, watch the sunset in style. Because with so much excellent food, drink and ease, the Gali could well become a tourist must see in the next few years. So get in quick for the crowd rise. Thanks for watching.