San Francisco looks and feels like a big city, but it's actually quite small. It has a population of under a million and is only 47 square miles. But what it lacks in size, it makes up for a price. San Francisco is amongst America's most expensive cities. The soaring cost of living and the injection of Silicon Valley money has led some people to claim that towns lost its soul, but have no fear, there's still plenty of mojo left by the bay. Welcome to San Francisco. San Francisco is the cultural, commercial and financial center of northern California. This city's reputation is built on its colorful history. It hosted the beat generation and the free love movement of the 60s and 70s and was the birthplace of pride. But these days the Bohemian dream is up against it. The average rent for a one bedroom apartment is over $3,000 nearly four times the US national average. So when checking out the city, start by dodging the traffic and embracing your inner flower power by grabbing a bike. Although San Francisco's fame for its steep hills, many parts of the city are actually relatively flat. Start your journey at Pier 39 and pay a visit to the seals. These guys turned up after the earthquake of 1989 and have stayed ever since. A 10 minute ride away is Chinatown. This is the oldest and second largest Chinatown in North America. And despite all the city's rapid changes, it remains unbiled. House of Nanjing is famous for its delicious cuisine and direct service that some people might find a bit rude, but don't take it personally, it's all part of the experience. Another quick ride will get you from Chinatown to South of Market or Soma. This vast warehouse filled district is home to countless live work spaces. Red door coffee inside the 111 Meena Art Gallery is the perfect place to chill for a moment before heading into the heart of the mission. The decades the mission was a middle-class immigrant enclave, but it was steadily gentrified by hipsters starting in the 90s. Here you'll find some of the world's best burritos served up mission style. Dakarilla El Castellito is one of the best. Don't let their lack of day call ward you off, this is the real deal. Now you're fueled up, it's time to tackle the hills. Riding up to the Golden Gate Park is worth the effort. You'll pass Buffalo's windmills, the Academy of Arts and Science and the Flower Conservatory all on your way to the Pacific. Now kick your feet up in luxury at Sutro's Curf House, a stylish restaurant and lounge with stunning panoramic views, perfect place to unwind and watch the sunset.