We're now entering the age of building the superbaby. There are two startups where pushing the next frontier of reproductive technology called nucleus and orchid, who help affluent parents rink embryos based off of risk of disease, predicted IQ, and even lifespan. These superbabies are created through IVF when embryos are tested based on their genes. In the past, doctors mostly screened for serious and rare diseases like cystic fibrosis, which are caused by a single gene. But now you have this new kind of testing called polygenic screening, which is able to look at hundreds if not thousands of genetic signals at the same time. This type of test is then able to give you a risk score for things like heart disease, diabetes, depression, and even traits like height, eye color, or intelligence. The idea here is to help parents pick an embryo of the best odds of living a healthier and longer life. IVF offers polygenic testing for over 200 conditions, priced at $2,500 per embryo, and it's already allegedly become the testing platform of choice among Silicon Valley elite. The other company, Nucleus, just launched Nucleus embryo, which lets parents upload up to 20 embryos and ranks them based off of 900 plus genetic variables, including predicted lifespan and cognitive ability. All for the price of $5999. For these companies, this is a form of preventative health at the earliest stage. Why wouldn't you give parents their best shot at raising a healthy child? If we can reduce the risk of debilitating diseases like Alzheimer's or cancer, the foreb her. These companies argue that we should. They also give prospective parents more data and control over critical decisions. And for families with histories of serious conditions, it can also bring peace of mind, kind of like medicine that starts before life even begins. But of course, there's also an ethical slippery slope here. For starters, many experts are saying that the science is inconsistent and uncertain. Polygenic risk scores are all probabilistic, and the results can differ widely based off the company because of different datasets, algorithms, and assumptions. Not to mention that a lot of these datasets also skewed towards white European ancestry. And then there's also the clear gattica storyline here. Choosing embryos based off of perceived better traits can reinforce assumptions about what lives are worth creating. When embryos are ranked selected and priced based off of things like height and IQ, it becomes more like a process of consumer optimization. Children then become much more like products rather than people. And most obviously, with the current costs, access to all of this is only limited to the wealthy. If the affluent can screen for things like higher IQ, a longer life, or even fewer chronic illnesses, it's likely going to worsen health and opportunity gaps over time. Though the startups argue that innovation will bring costs down. That most cutting edge health tech does start out expensive. In the same way that genome sequencing went from $100 million to $100, they believe that embryo screening will follow a similar trajectory. Right now, in countries like the UK and Europe, polygenic screening is banned, but in the US, regulation is wide open, so we're quite literally living through a real time experiment. And a lot of super babies have already been born with this technology. Children who currently exist to wear ranked and selected before their birth.